The sons of Isach were Tollah, Pure,
The sons of Isach were Tollah, Pure, Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons
Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons
Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons of Tollah were Azai,
of Tollah were Azai,
of Tollah were Azai, Rafael,
Rafael,
Rafael, Geriel,
Geriel,
Geriel, Ji,
Ji,
Ji, Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their
Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their
Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house.
father's house.
father's house. The sons of Tollah were mighty men of
The sons of Tollah were mighty men of
The sons of Tollah were mighty men of valor in their generations.
valor in their generations.
valor in their generations. Their number in the days of David was
Their number in the days of David was
Their number in the days of David was 22,600.
The son of Azai was Israia.
The son of Azai was Israia. And the sons of Israia were Michael,
And the sons of Israia were Michael,
And the sons of Israia were Michael, Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia.
Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia.
Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia. All five of them were chief men.
All five of them were chief men.
All five of them were chief men. And with them by their generations,
And with them by their generations,
And with them by their generations, according to their father's houses, were
according to their father's houses, were
according to their father's houses, were 36,000 troops ready for war. For they
36,000 troops ready for war. For they
36,000 troops ready for war. For they had many wives and sons.
had many wives and sons.
had many wives and sons. Now their brethren among all the
Now their brethren among all the
Now their brethren among all the families of Issach were mighty men of
families of Issach were mighty men of
families of Issach were mighty men of valor listed by their genealogies
valor listed by their genealogies
valor listed by their genealogies 87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were
87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were
87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were Beer, Bea, and Jediael,
Beer, Bea, and Jediael,
Beer, Bea, and Jediael, three in all. The sons of Beer were
three in all. The sons of Beer were
three in all. The sons of Beer were Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five
Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five
Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five in all. They were heads of their
in all. They were heads of their
in all. They were heads of their father's houses and they were listed by
father's houses and they were listed by
father's houses and they were listed by their genealogies 22,034
their genealogies 22,034
their genealogies 22,034 mighty men of valor.
mighty men of valor.
mighty men of valor. The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash,
The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash,
The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash, Eliza, Elioi,
Eliza, Elioi,
Eliza, Elioi, Amry,
Amry,
Amry, Geramath, Abijah,
Geramath, Abijah,
Geramath, Abijah, Anithoth, and Alanth.
Anithoth, and Alanth.
Anithoth, and Alanth. All these are the sons of Bea. And they
All these are the sons of Bea. And they
All these are the sons of Bea. And they were recorded by genealogy according to
were recorded by genealogy according to
were recorded by genealogy according to their generations, heads of their
their generations, heads of their
their generations, heads of their father's houses, 20,200
father's houses, 20,200
father's houses, 20,200 mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel
mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel
mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were
was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were
was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana,
Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana,
Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana, Zthan,
Zthan,
Zthan, Thish and Ahishah.
Thish and Ahishah.
Thish and Ahishah. All these sons of Jediahel were heads of
All these sons of Jediahel were heads of
All these sons of Jediahel were heads of their father's houses. There were 17,200
their father's houses. There were 17,200
their father's houses. There were 17,200 mighty men of valor fit to go out for
mighty men of valor fit to go out for
mighty men of valor fit to go out for war and battle.
war and battle.
war and battle. Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and
Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and
Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of
Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of
Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and
Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and
Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and Shalom, the sons of Bilhar.
Shalom, the sons of Bilhar.
Shalom, the sons of Bilhar. the descendants of Manasseh.
the descendants of Manasseh.
the descendants of Manasseh. His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the
His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the
His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the father of Gilead, the father of Asia.
father of Gilead, the father of Asia.
father of Gilead, the father of Asia. Mir took as his wife, the sister of
Mir took as his wife, the sister of
Mir took as his wife, the sister of Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca.
Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca.
Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca. The name of Gilead's grandson was
The name of Gilead's grandson was
The name of Gilead's grandson was Zilofiad.
Zilofiad.
Zilofiad. But Zilofhiad begott only daughters.
But Zilofhiad begott only daughters.
But Zilofhiad begott only daughters. Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she
Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she
Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she called his name Pesh. The name of his
called his name Pesh. The name of his
called his name Pesh. The name of his brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam
brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam
brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam and Reikam.
and Reikam.
and Reikam. The son of Ulam was
The son of Ulam was
The son of Ulam was these were the descendants of Gilead,
these were the descendants of Gilead,
these were the descendants of Gilead, the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh.
the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh.
the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh. his sister Hamikth
his sister Hamikth
his sister Hamikth or Ishad.
or Ishad.
or Ishad. Abaiza
Abaiza
Abaiza and Mala.
and Mala.
and Mala. And the sons of Shimida were Ahan,
And the sons of Shimida were Ahan,
And the sons of Shimida were Ahan, Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of
Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of
Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son,
Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son,
Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son, Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath
Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath
Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son,
his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son,
his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son, and Isa and Elliot.
and Isa and Elliot.
and Isa and Elliot. The men of Gath who were born in that
The men of Gath who were born in that
The men of Gath who were born in that land killed them because they came down
land killed them because they came down
land killed them because they came down to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim
to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim
to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim their father mourned many days and his
their father mourned many days and his
their father mourned many days and his brethren came to comfort him. And when
brethren came to comfort him. And when
brethren came to comfort him. And when he went into his wife, she conceived and
he went into his wife, she conceived and
he went into his wife, she conceived and bore a son. And he called his name
bore a son. And he called his name
bore a son. And he called his name Bariah because tragedy had come upon his
Bariah because tragedy had come upon his
Bariah because tragedy had come upon his house. Now his daughter was Shira who
house. Now his daughter was Shira who
house. Now his daughter was Shira who built lower and upper Beth Horin and
built lower and upper Beth Horin and
built lower and upper Beth Horin and Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as
Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as
Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan
well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan
well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son,
his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son,
his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son, Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua
Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua
Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua his son. Now their possessions and
his son. Now their possessions and
his son. Now their possessions and dwelling places were Bethl and its
dwelling places were Bethl and its
dwelling places were Bethl and its towns. To the east Naon, to the west
towns. To the east Naon, to the west
towns. To the east Naon, to the west Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and
Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and
Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and its towns, as far as Aya and its towns,
its towns, as far as Aya and its towns,
its towns, as far as Aya and its towns, and by the borders of the children of
and by the borders of the children of
and by the borders of the children of Manasseh were Bethan and its towns,
Manasseh were Bethan and its towns,
Manasseh were Bethan and its towns, Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its
Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its
Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its towns, Door and its towns. In these
towns, Door and its towns. In these
towns, Door and its towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of
dwelt the children of Joseph the son of
dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel.
Israel.
Israel. The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva,
The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva,
The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva, Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister.
Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister.
Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister. The sons of Bariah were Heba and
The sons of Bariah were Heba and
The sons of Bariah were Heba and Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And
Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And
Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham,
Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham,
Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham, and their sister Shua. The sons of
and their sister Shua. The sons of
and their sister Shua. The sons of Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath.
Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath.
Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath. These were the children of Jafflet. The
These were the children of Jafflet. The
These were the children of Jafflet. The sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba,
sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba,
sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba, and Aaron. And the sons of his brother
and Aaron. And the sons of his brother
and Aaron. And the sons of his brother Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and
Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and
Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer,
Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer,
Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer, Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had,
Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had,
Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had, Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The
Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The
Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and
sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and
sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and
A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and
A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and Rizia. All these were the children of
Rizia. All these were the children of
Rizia. All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's houses,
Asher, heads of their father's houses,
Asher, heads of their father's houses, choice men, mighty men of valor, chief
choice men, mighty men of valor, chief
choice men, mighty men of valor, chief leaders, and they were recorded by
leaders, and they were recorded by
leaders, and they were recorded by genealogies among the army fit for
genealogies among the army fit for
genealogies among the army fit for battle. Their number was 26,000.